we started January of 23 with uh with no
revenue and then it was a crazy ride I
mean January of 23 ended I'm talking
about less than a year ago it ended with
25k of ARR and then February it was 150
March it was 280 April it was
770 and and the second week of May we
c$1 million of
ARR welcome to 20-minute leaders just
sit back relax and learn from the
leaders of today it's a journey each one
is different unique inspiring let's get
started 20-minute leaders is a proud
supporter of makeawish Israel and Tech
to peace and is in proud collaboration
with secret cord Ventures Jay Ventures
Riverside FM Fusion VC Birthright Excel
J impact leap Google for startups and
hippo and in media partnership with
ctec
[Music]
Orin kandle welcome to 20 minute leaders
thank you so much for joining me today
how are
you um considering uh pretty well uh
nothing to complain about and everything
is going really well excited to start a
new New Year our second U with Revenue
New Year which is a super exciting for
us incredible well it's fantastic to to
get to know you you're you're operating
in a space that I'm I'm deeply
passionate about it's obviously the
space of entertainment and media but in
the context of content content
creation um and the inter the
integration and intersection of
artificial intelligence and Technology
with the world of
content this is a topic that is is part
particularly exciting for me as a
content creator my self and and thinking
about how is our ability to leverage
these technological tools going to
change the either the content we create
the way we create that content the way
we adapt and personalize the content for
end users for different purposes so
without further Ado I'm I'm I'm looking
forward to diving in tell me a little
bit about really the space that we're
going to talk about what is this space
that you're living in right
now yeah well uh when Peter my
co-founder and I started it was pretty
clear for us that we're going to do
something in the intersection of machine
learning and and and video uh back then
we we were referring mainly to content
in the broader space or the broader
aspect of of of video but soon enough we
understood it other than video nothing
we survive soon so we focused on video
um and started thinking about stuff that
can be made uh using what we are what we
know uh to do from our past uh um past
experience um and we notice that there
is
a a fast growing community of people of
all sorts and and works of Life they
just create content on a regular basis
there are various different types of of
of of content creation um contexts uh
one would be the Creator economy in
which you see independent creators
trying to create content in order to
monetize it and basically make a living
out of brand de and and and and
monetization platforms and stuff like
that um and on the other side there is
the production companies though other
sides of the scale the production
companies that actually create massive
amounts of of of of content as part of
you know what they their main function
everything that we watch on TV or
Netflix or any streaming services is is
being produced by large production
companies but in the middle we we soon
identifi that there is a whole section
of businesses just businesses that we
all know and love and work with that are
starting to create content in a more and
more frequent manner we noticed that you
know if you look like 15 or 20 years ago
people would say if you are starting a
business and you don't have a website
you will never reach enough audience in
order to be relevant for anyone who will
come buy your business and purchase your
stuff today it's not just website it's
also content and in content I mean
mainly video okay so we see more and
more small and medium businesses that
are creating video on a regular basis
just to attract um uh you know attract
traffic uh create brand awareness create
a thought leadership for themselves
in the area that they are working on and
we kind of identify that this is a a
very fast growing Market that we can tap
into and start using um our toolbox of
machine learning to to make it more
efficient that's like the in Broad
stroks the the space that we are
operating in and and and you how did you
get here into the space how know you get
excited about this and how how is your
journey shaped into
here um like most of I most of the
entrepreneurs think it would be um pure
coincidence um we kind of played around
with different ideas we are very uh I
would say religious about validating
anything that we do and making decisions
based on our data and there were a bunch
of other ideas that we tested that were
so bad that we just keep kept on
iterating until we bumped into this
concept so it's pretty embarrassing to
say but the first idea that we started
to work on as much was uh transforming
long form videos into blog posts don't
tell anyone that I ever mentioned that
in public I know I'm recorded but yeah
why the hell um it was it was very short
okay it was a very short and
embarrassing and cringy period of time
in which we actually invested all of our
effort in in in trying to make that work
and since we are religious about hearing
what you know potential users has to say
we started interviewing hundreds of
content creators and small businesses
and heard from most of them how it might
be nice to have a tool like the one that
we're building but how imperative it is
for them to have something that will
take all of their library of long form
content and enable them to get some
access to uh new audiences on Tik Tok
and Instagram re and and YouTube short
and after hearing that for hundreds of
times we just threw the the the the idea
and the solution that we had in place
out of the window and focus on on on on
video to video Transformations when we
started to try to understand why we hear
it so much from so many people we
quickly understood something very very
simple the idea of creating long form
content has been here for you know a
long time the idea of using content as a
marketing tool to attract traffic and to
to uh increase awareness has been here
for for for more than a few years and
you see more and more businesses that
have very successful YouTube channels
with long form videos on them that are
decreasing in reaching engagement year
after year um usually they wouldn't be
so successful in doing the same on on on
the short form video platforms just
because you know the style is different
the the Rhythm is different the audience
has different demands and when you are
used to for five years creating a video
podcast of an hour and a half every
week creating the shift in your mind and
just create 15 seconds and 30 seconds
that actually provide value and not just
you walking in the corridor and talking
to the camera because you have to that's
becoming very very challenging so we
understood that there is like a gap I
mean people are trying to get from
YouTube to Tik Tok Instagram and YouTube
shorts but they don't how but they do
have tons of of pre-existing content on
their shelf that they are willing to
repurpose and use for those short forone
video uh platforms so back in May of 22
we released our first and very
embarrassing MVP um we ran out with it
we launched it to the market we try to
see how how well it can work and how
much tring it can get and before you
know it we had like 15 thou 50,000 you
know users using the service on a weekly
basis um that's not like like a huge
deal because it was totally free our
main intent was to gather feedback and
collect data but still 50,000 doesn't
come you know very easily we didn't do
any PPC we didn't do any paid promotion
it just you know it was totally organic
um that was the end of 22 this is where
we understood that we have something
that there is a market that actually
wants and this is where we kind of
shifted gear started to really walk on
the product and make it deeper and
started to charge actual money for the
service that we're providing and this is
where our growth Journey started on
January of
23 incredible so what can what what can
you teach me about you know short form
content in the age that we're in today
so obviously we we understand there's a
transition from long form to short form
but what have you what what are some of
the
characteristics of the successful short
form content that captures sort of guess
the top the the top performing types of
content that that work today that's
that's a great question so first of all
definitions long phone content used to
be four hours uh and then an hour and a
half and now anything above 3 minutes is
considered long form I I kid you not
anything above 3 minutes is considered
long form short form is somewhere around
between 10 seconds to a minute
um difference is mainly around who
consumes it and how valuable it can be
to to the to the to the audience that
actually consume it so when we started
the journey and we talked with users we
heard like three different versions of
how is it how it is right to do
repurposing of long form to short form
the first one was I have a kickass type
of podcast it's it's yeah it's an hour
and a half but I'm sure that everybody
will find it super interesting I just
need to get it to their attention so
let's create a
teaser and anyone who really watch the
teaser on their feed on on Tik Tok will
probably just turn off Tik Tok and then
go ahead to and and consume the whole 90
minutes of the podcast um you know that
it it won't work but there are some
people that actually still believe that
it will the second version was yeah
nobody will consume my one hour and a
half weekly podcast but if I will create
a highlight version highlights version
of you know 10 minutes it will probably
get you know distributed like hot dogs
and everybody will just consume it and
and and have it for their
use in some cases it can be relevant
most cases still not the the main point
is that attention span has decreased
radically over the last decade
especially over the last three or four
years since Tik Tok entered our lives
and the main Challenge and this is why
repurposing content is very very hard
the main challenge is is to create very
short form type of videos that actually
provide value and can stand on their own
and this is the secret source of what
we're doing we have an engine that can
actually tell you how much a specific 10
of 15 seconds extract of your whole long
form video can be coherent and stand on
its own um it's it's you know it's it's
it's a way to measure context it's a way
to understand what's going on and what
is being talk talked about in the video
and it's a way to uh basically provide
you with very short and testy nuggets of
of the of the original content that you
have this is the this is the version
that we support this is what we think
that is the right thing to do when you
are trying to get more content into
short form and this is what we are
providing automatically based on our
engine but there's another thing that um
that is um embedded in this in this
approach and
that's it's automatically taking care of
quantity so if you want to rise above
the noise on Tik Tok Instagram rid or
YouTube shorts it's not just about
creating this very you know unique and
and and
valuable small nuggets of content it's
also about quantity um if you will
create short and super valuable um you
know pieces of advice on on any
profession that you can think of and
post it on Tik Tok you might get some
following you might get some engagement
but if you will do that once a week like
you used to back in YouTube you will
never get anywhere even if you do that
once a day you need to do that like
between three to five times a day and
you know to make that happen it's either
you are a native short form Video
Creator or you have to use something
else in order to get to these type of
quantities and um and and start you know
creating massive amounts of content on a
regular basis so what we usually advise
our our customers is we tell them listen
you you cannot rely only on Munch but
you can keep on creating your weekly
video podcast and then use it for you
know for short phone videos that you can
post on a daily basis until the next
time you record and on top of that if
you do like two or three short forone
videos per week that are totally you
know native short phone where use you
you actually holding the phone and
talking to it you'll be just fine and we
see the results on the ground we see a
huge increase in in reach engagement for
the for the um customers that are doing
that incredible and so H how are you
seeing this the space
evolve um looking looking ahead if we
you know if you had to make a prediction
on consumer Behavior you know 2025 2026
you know where where are we headed here
that's a hard one um
it's it's complicated because on on on
one hand you see that every new
generation that enters their Arena um
you know get the the bar even higher in
terms of how much information you can
squeeze into how little time um and the
demands for um um you know gratification
and and and and excitement are just
Rising which means that the current
trend of get of of content being shorter
and shorter and more concise is going to
continue on the other hand you
see other trends like you know Tik Tok
now increasing I'm talking like two days
ago they announced that they're are
increasing the limit of videos on Tik
Tok to 30 minutes so it seems that there
are like two you know counter opposing
Trends going on at once and it's going
to be very very hard to predict I think
that at the end it's going to be
entertainment and the coaching pieces of
of knowledge that will be squeezed into
very short phone type of videos and
interviews
conversations the the type of stuff that
is a bit hard harder to condense it's
going to be longer and longer and people
will start to consume all types of
content depending on the context in
which they are you know at at the what
hour of the day and what context they
have in their lives and what they're
currently doing and what they're
currently interesting in 100% all about
all about personalization and context
and moving forward where where is Munch
today in what term yeah business or
product as a all around so you know
we're in the middle of we're in the
beginning of 2024 this is you know
content creation and the creater economy
and social media has never been you know
hotter you know where where are we today
in terms of the company that you that
you've built yeah so the company is
still pretty young in early stage we are
currently uh 12 full-time employees plus
eight uh Freelancers and um and and
providers that are walking very closely
together um the team is growing uh which
is um a mix of emotions I mean it's a on
one end uh you know you you feel proud
to come in the morning and and find more
and more people in the corridor and and
and and things are you know moving
faster and and things are looking better
on the other hand the intimacy of you
know being folk people until just a few
months ago uh is is is starting to get
lost um I mean the MVP was released on
May 22 by December by December of 22 we
understood we have something that is
validated enough to actually build the
business on top of it we started January
of 23 with u with no revenue and then it
was a crazy ride I mean January of 23
ended I'm talking about less than a year
ago it ended with 20 5K of ARR and then
February it was 150 March it was 280
April it was
770 and and the second week of May we
Coss the $1 million of ARR um when we
were $1.2 million of AR we were still
four people including the two Founders
it's it became pretty hard to manage um
so this is where where we went out and
and and raised our seed round U around
May and June it was led by AAR Capital
which is an amazing fund and
participated by cardan and remag and
liquid 2 all of them are just amazing
partners for us for this road and this
is where we started to grow more let's
let's say method in with a methodology
kind of uh mindset um and and yeah I
mean we finished 2023 with $2.3 million
of ARR it's it's a great first year for
Revenue um and it's you know you go uh
you you go to sleep on on on one end of
uh of 23 with a great satisfaction and
you wake up the other morning with
hysteric type of panic yeah I need to
Tripper that in the next 12 months uh
but we have a plan and we are actually
confident we're going to do that so um
yeah I would say that we have nothing to
complain about wow that that that's
really incredible if you had to look
back and
think about what what is part of the
journey you've been most excited about
so far as the entrepreneur as a Founder
how what really has been you know the
most exciting part for you or the most
enjoyable part for
you I of
it um I I'm the type of guy that
actually you know enjoys likes enjoying
the road and enjoying the journey and we
had some tough times I mean it's it
wasn't all Rosie uh since the beginning
we were even close um to to closing the
company at at more than one point uh and
uh and even in those tough times where
there was you know Rising uncertainty
and we didn't know where it goes and if
it will survive or not I actually still
enjoyed it uh because it's it's an
adventure it's um it's a great way to
learn it's a great way to you
know uh collect more achievements if we
took in in Gamers
lingo um but I think that the most
exciting part was when the business
started going like that I mean there's
no other feeling that can compete with
waking up every day day after day week
after week month after month and looking
at the AR and see it like just know
rocketing up um until there is a point
where you start to ask yourself is this
product Market fit is this how it feels
is this what I've been reading about in
blog post for the past five years and
when you understand the answer is yes I
mean this is something that is
incredible to understand that you
actually achieve this magical point in
time where things are just starting to
to work smoothly together until the next
you know brick wall that you hate I mean
it
happens ah Oren sounds amazing sounds
like such a fun and exciting journey and
in an awesome awesome space um hoping
for the growth to continue like this and
hoping for the product Market fit the
stick and and for the company to do
incredibly well I'm excited to try the
product myself like we spoke about and
uh thank you for the time and for the
inspiration thank you was my pleasure
thank you good
luck
oh